update tutorials for cardano-node 8.6 and cardano-cli 8.13 (#104)
input-output-hk/sanchonet: docs/tutorials/actions.mdx

governance state. Consequently, the governance state stores a single value to represent both of these actions. The system also verifies either of these
actions against this single stored value.

**Anchors**

When proposing a governance action, the proposer may employ an *anchor*, which comprises a *URL* hosting a document that outlines the rationale
for the proposed changes, along with the document's *hash*.

The document at the URL can be of a free form. It's important that it should communicate to ada holders the *what* and the *why* of the proposal. This tutorial mostly uses 'https://tinyurl.com/3wrwb2as' as an example.

Utilize the BLAKE2b hashing algorithm to hash the document:

```
b2sum -l 256 rationale.txt
ee3b0232e4fd0d3e7e8626bea8eab6f611c608ec1dcfeed4c2db69560a9f2286  rationale.txt
```

Alternatively, users have the option to submit either the 'text' or the 'file' instead of providing its hash when creating the proposal. The `cardano-cli`
automatically computes the hash and incorporates it into the governance action file.

## Update committee actions

#### Update committe to *add* a new CC member:

> Assume you want to add three CC members, they have have generated cold keys and has provided their key hashes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assume you want to add three CC members, who have generated cold keys and have provided their key hashes:
```

- `89181f26b47c3d3b6b127df163b15b74b45bba7c3b7a1d185c05c2de`
- `ea8738081fca0726f4e781f5e55fda05f8745432a5f8a8d09eb0b34b`
- `7f6721067362d4ae9ca73469fe983ce5572dad9028386100104b0da0`

> You can create a proposal to add them as new CC members with an expiration epoch (`--epoch`) for each of them. This a good time to review the quorum, lets make that 2/3 of the committe need to accept a proposal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a proposal to add them as new CC members with an expiration epoch (`--epoch`) for each of them. This is a good time to review the quorum. Let’s assume that 2/3 of the committee needs to accept a proposal:
```

Query the current deposit required for a governance action:
```
govActDeposit="$(cardano-cli conway query gov-state --testnet-magic 4 | jq -r '.enactState.curPParams.govActionDeposit')"
```
Create the governance action proposal:
```
cardano-cli conway governance action update-committee \
  --testnet \
  --governance-action-deposit 1000000000 \
  --stake-verification-key-file stake.vkey \
  --proposal-anchor-url https://tinyurl.com/3wrwb2as \
  --proposal-anchor-metadata-file rationale.txt \
  --add-cc-cold-verification-key-hash 89181f26b47c3d3b6b127df163b15b74b45bba7c3b7a1d185c05c2de \
  --epoch 100 \
  --add-cc-cold-verification-key-hash ea8738081fca0726f4e781f5e55fda05f8745432a5f8a8d09eb0b34b \
  --epoch 95 \
  --add-cc-cold-verification-key-hash 7f6721067362d4ae9ca73469fe983ce5572dad9028386100104b0da0 \
  --epoch 90 \
  --quorum 2/3 \
  --out-file update-committee.action
```

> * Note: If there is a **previously enacted** governance action to update the committe, the proposal must also include `--governance-action-tx-id` and `--governance-action-index`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Note: If there is a **previously enacted** governance action to update the committee, the proposal must also include `--governance-action-tx-id` and `--governance-action-index`.
```

#### Update committee to *remove* an existing CC member:

Assume that you want to remove the CC member with the key hash `89181f26b47c3d3b6b127df163b15b74b45bba7c3b7a1d185c05c2de`. You can do this with:

```
cardano-cli conway governance action update-committee \
  --testnet \
  --governance-action-deposit 1000000000 \

>   --stake-verification-key-file utxo-keys/stake1.vkey \

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  --stake-verification-key-file stake.vkey \
```

  --proposal-anchor-url https://tinyurl.com/3wrwb2as \
  --proposal-anchor-metadata-file rationale.txt \
  --remove-cc-cold-verification-key-hash 89181f26b47c3d3b6b127df163b15b74b45bba7c3b7a1d185c05c2de \
  --quorum 1/2 \
  --governance-action-tx-id fe2c99fe6bc75a9666427163d51ae7dbf5a60df40135361b7bfd53ac6c7912ec \
  --governance-action-index 0 \
  --out-file update-committee.action
```

#### Update committee to only change the *quorum*:

```
cardano-cli conway governance action update-committee \
  --testnet \
  --governance-action-deposit 1000000000 \

>   --stake-verification-key-file utxo-keys/stake1.vkey \

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  --stake-verification-key-file stake.vkey \
```

```
cardano-cli conway governance action create-constitution \
  --testnet \
  --governance-action-deposit 1000000000 \
  --stake-verification-key-file stake.vkey \
  --proposal-anchor-url https://tinyurl.com/3wrwb2as \
  --proposal-anchor-metadata-hash "52e69500a92d80f2126c836a4903dc582006709f004cf7a28ed648f732dff8d2" \

>   --constitution-url https://tinyurl.com/mr3ferf9  \

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  --constitution-anchor-url https://tinyurl.com/mr3ferf9  \
```

>   --constitution "$(cat constitution.txt)" \

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  --constitution-anchor-metadata "$(cat constitution.txt)" \
```

## Info

While it's technically optional to include an anchor in proposals, a compelling case can be made for the inclusion of an anchor in 'info' governance actions. This argument
is rooted in the inherent nature of 'info' actions, which lack on-chain consequences and essentially function like polls. In this context, the importance of an anchor becomes
clear because the content it houses is the very essence of the proposal.

#### Create the 'info' governance action:

```

> conway governance action create-info --testnet \

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
cardano-cli conway governance action create-info --testnet \
```

  --governance-action-deposit 1000000000 \
  --stake-verification-key-file stake.vkey \
  --proposal-anchor-url  https://tinyurl.com/yc74fxx4 \
  --proposal-anchor-metadata-file rationale.txt \
  --out-file info.action
  ```

## Submitting the `*.action` action file in a transaction

Submitting the `*.action` file to the blockchain is the essential step in bringing your proposal to life and making it accessible for the community to participate in the
voting process. This process essentially transforms your proposal from a conceptual idea into an actionable item. Once submitted, it becomes part of the public ledger,
while also allowing members of the governance bodies to review, discuss, and ultimately cast their votes on its approval or rejection.

> * Note that you can also use `build-raw` and `calculate-min-fee` to build transactions in an off-line settting. The example below uses the convinient `build`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Note that you can also use `build-raw` and `calculate-min-fee` to build transactions in an off-line settting. The example below uses the convenient `build`:
```
